[memgraph-2-13<] Add docs for text query modules (#338)
memgraph/documentation: pages/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/text.mdx

+----------------------------+
| "idora, ,ivan,,matija"     |
+----------------------------+
```

### `regexGroups()`

Returns all matched subexpressions of the regex on the provided text using [C++ regex](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex) library.
{<h4> Input: </h4>}

- `input: string` ➡ Text on which regex subexpressions will be searched.
- `regex: string` ➡ Regex to be searched on the text. 

{<h4> Output: </h4>}

- `results: List[List[string]]` ➡ All matches subexpressions. The inner list contains whole subexpression and tokens matched inside.

{<h4> Usage: </h4>}

```cypher
CALL text.regexGroups("Memgraph: 1\nSQL: 2", "(\\w+): (\\d+)") YIELD results RETURN results;
```

```plaintext
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| results                                                    |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| [["Memgraph: 1", "Memgraph", "1"], ["SQL: 2", "SQL", "2"]] |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
```

### `format()`

> Formats string with the provided parameters using [C++ fmt library](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt).
> {<h4> Input: </h4>}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure formats strings using the [C++ fmt library](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt).

{<h4> Input: </h4>}
```

> - `text: string` ➡ Text on which formatting will be applied.
> - `parameters: string` ➡ Parameters which will be applied to the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `text: string` ➡ Text that needs to be formatted.
- `parameters: string` ➡ Parameters which will be applied to the text.
```

+----------------------------+
| "idora, ,ivan,,matija"     |
+----------------------------+
```

### `regexGroups()`

> Returns all matched subexpressions of the regex on the provided text using [C++ regex](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure returns all matched subexpressions of the regex on the provided text using [C++ regex](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/regex) library.
```

{<h4> Input: </h4>}

> - `input: string` ➡ Text on which regex subexpressions will be searched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `input: string` ➡ Text that will be searched for regex subexpressions.
```

> - `regex: string` ➡ Regex to be searched on the text. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `regex: string` ➡ Regex subexpression searched for in the text. 
```

{<h4> Output: </h4>}

> - `results: List[List[string]]` ➡ All matches subexpressions. The inner list contains whole subexpression and tokens matched inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `results: List[List[string]]` ➡ All matched subexpressions. The inner list contains the whole subexpression and tokens matched inside.
```

{<h4> Usage: </h4>}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following query to search for expressions: 

```

```cypher
CALL text.regexGroups("Memgraph: 1\nSQL: 2", "(\\w+): (\\d+)") YIELD results RETURN results;
```

```plaintext
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| results                                                    |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| [["Memgraph: 1", "Memgraph", "1"], ["SQL: 2", "SQL", "2"]] |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `format()`

The procedure formats strings using the [C++ fmt library](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt).

{<h4> Input: </h4>}

- `text: string` ➡ Text that needs to be formatted.

> - `parameters: string` ➡ Parameters which will be applied to the text.

Reviewer: OK, what are the parameters?

{<h4> Output: </h4>}

- `result: string` ➡ Formatted string.

{<h4> Usage: </h4>}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following query to insert the parameters to the placeholders in the sentence:

```
